Add CAMARA release metadata schemas (Issue #337) (#339)
camaraproject/ReleaseManagement: documentation/SupportingDocuments/CAMARA-Release-Workflow-and-Metadata-Concept.md

Author: Sure, currently consistent with the schemata and examples (they all validate successful with the script)

#### Phase 1: Release Branch Preparation (during PR review)

1. Automation creates release branch from main/maintenance HEAD
2. Generates `release-metadata.yaml` with:
   - `release_date: null` (set during finalization)
   - `src_commit_sha: null` (set during finalization)
   - Other fields derived from `release-plan.yaml`
3. Release PR is created for review
4. **Important - Immutable release branch (initial implementation)**:
   - Release branch content is immutable after creation
   - Exception: CHANGELOG.md entries may be added/updated
   - If API corrections needed: abandon release, fix main, retrigger
   - Future: Forward-merge support may be added (see Appendix)

#### Phase 2: Finalization (after PR merge)

After approval and PR merge to release branch:

1. Automation triggers on release branch
2. Populates final metadata:
   - `release_date`: Current UTC timestamp
   - `src_commit_sha`: HEAD SHA from base branch at branch creation time
3. Creates "release commit": `chore: finalize release metadata for rX.Y`
4. Creates git tag (e.g., `r4.1`) pointing to this release commit
5. CI builds and publishes artifacts
6. GitHub Release with artifacts is created:

>    - OpenAPI bundles (self-contained specs with all external references resolved)

Reviewer: is the word bundles a "standard" OAS term ? else I would just say OpenAPI definition files

> - Do not update any version fields (they stay `"wip"`)

Reviewer: will this be checked by CI on each commit to main ?

Author: that's only an "instruction" for the PR back into `main`.

**Creation strategy**:
- Created from the last commit on `main` that was included in the release cycle to maintain
- Named `maintenance-rX` where X is the release cycle (e.g., r3 for r3.1, r3.2, r3.3...)
- Used for maintenance releases (r3.4, r3.5) containing API bug fixes
- New API minor versions go into new release cycles on `main`

**Important**: Maintenance branches are tied to **release cycles** (r3.x), not API versions. A maintenance branch can produce r3.4, r3.5 etc., each potentially containing different patch versions of the APIs.

> ### Updating Release Branch from Main

Reviewer: this would not be allowed, correct ? (or is a future thing) ?

> ### Updating Release Branch from Main

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Updating Release Branch from Main (future feature)
```

- Server URL changes (keep placeholder format)
- Release-specific metadata

> **3. For public releases**: APIs targeting the just-released public version are automatically locked by CI (any modification blocked until `target_api_version` is updated)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**3. For public releases**: PRs targeting the just-released public version on main are automatically locked by CI (any modification blocked until `target_api_version` is updated)
```
